You eat your fingernails for lunch and scream "MEALTIME"
I'll make sure my smoke detector dismembers you with frequencies, you son of a bitch.
I'll rip your father's back hair out and stick it on your cancer-stricken grandmother. I'm a fucking GTA hairdresser.
You fuck bedbugs and have sex with ants, you laminate-eating blockhead.
You eat broken glass with glass cleaner as a topping, you son of a bitch.
Hey, you scumbag of a scumbag that blows you and also a scumbag of Donald Trump, is a BITCHASSNIGGA.
You have autism high 10. Your name is Jimmy Nutron and your father gives you claps while you read, you son of a bitch.
I spit, swallow, look hook, and you'll fall deeper than an anvil in Minecraft.
I'll revive your grandpa with edutensei.
You make energy. types to emo types nolike shitboy your father looks like a car mechanic with damaged ribs.
You take round snaps on WhatsApp stories
Fucking whore son, your eyeballs are stones, bitch ass monkey uhuhuhuhuh I'll knock your teeth out just so I can fuck your mother in a tooth fairy costume
YOU HAVE A SOUNDPAD TO PUMP TURKISH HALAY MUSIC
Your mother lost rock paper scissors to a baking tray
Your father's greatest enemy is dinkleberg
Your one-legged, radioactive, fingered, bald, ex-legged, slut grandpa was trampled at a Travis Scott concert, the slut son
Your one-legged, ex-slutty, fingered, bald, slut daughter, the radioactive, broad-built grandma on steroids juggles traffic drills and then uses them as a leg prosthesis
Your hairdresser costs 4 Dark Elixir
A dead grandpa shadowboxes without arms
Hey (Name), look at me Just hit your steroid-addled sister with a stop sign, you son of a bitch.
Your mother is dating an abc.
Your mother is dirty-talking in Arabic with Hoca.
Your father is being bullied in the mosque.
Your dead are icons on FIFA 22.
Your grandpa is being stoned in the gulag.
Your mother gives a blow job faster than a power outlet.
Your mother lies backward so the jin can fuck you from behind.
I use your grandma's corpse as a punching bag.
Your mother uses a wheelchair to drive a McDrive.
Your grandpa has a perm.
Your grandma sticks a joint up her cunt and screams, "Smoke weed every day."
I'll take your grandma's big tits and smack your grandpa to death with them.
Look, your father just uses his glass eye as a ping-pong ball substitute, you son of a bitch.
Look at your deceased Grandma was revived with a €20 Amazon tape measure.
I'll just throw pufferfish at your dad, you son of a bitch.
I'll just throw a longboard at your little sister, you dick.
Hey... your grandma just slipped on marbles while sitting cross-legged and broke her wobbly neck.
Hey, look... her mom juggles traffic exercises and then uses them as a leg prosthesis.
Your mom does push-ups on her fat.
Your grandma weighs less than SpongeBob.
Your mom does squats in a cucumber patch.
Your grandpa sleeps in Tipico and sleeps in Timecycle New York.
Your one-legged grandma sticks 16 pens, a PS3 charger, and a carrot up her vagina.
Your grandpa buys Tinder Plus but still doesn't get any swipes.
Your dad sleeps On Dinear 4 sheets
I shove a diamond up your mother's ass and she sings "Shine Wide Like a Diamond"
Your grandpa is afraid of creepers at night.
Your grandma's pussy lips make a duck face after she sees me.
I throw a Frisbee and your mother catches it with pussy lips.
Your grandma's pussy lips hang down to the ground.
Your grandpa takes a glass of water to the grave and thinks he can put out the fires of hell with it.
Your grandpa takes a motorcycle to hell and he thinks he's a ghost rider.
Your grandma and your grandpa chat about Clash Royale.
Your mother wears Gucci fanny packs.
Your grandma supports LGBTQ and says "Kill All Men."
Your father is bullied in Fortnite because of "Noskin."
I stick my leg hair on your cancer-stricken grandma.
Your mother misses the bus and spits on the window.
Your mother gets on the bus and has eyes. Contact with bus driver
Your father tried to connect his AirPods to the Quran in the hope of establishing a connection with Allah
Your father listens to the Quran with autotune
Your father wears soccer shoes at a wedding
Your father plays spin the bottle so he knows where to pray
Your father has a pussy piercing with an end bead
Your grandpa was chosen on Kiss Marry Kill
Your grandpa uses the phone joker on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire to order food
Your good grandma walks around in hell with a world map and thinks she's Dora the Explorer
Your father prays with Shirin David music in the mosque and says, "Yes, I can"
Your father performs ablution with Fiji water
Your father does a handstand during prayer +
Your twerking, winking, fucking, ass-giving stepfather has a
in Hard-ons in Good Night Stories
A square, edgy, shabby, mangy, ass-giving godfather is into sucuk porn with balls in his mouth
Your twerking, winking, fucking, ass-fucked stepfather has a hard-on in Good Night Stories
I'll stick a coin in your ass, and your fuckboy ass thought it was fucking money with Down syndrome
Your grandpa will heat up your asshole with a laser pointer
I'll hit your dad on the back of the head with an XXL keyboard so he wakes up from his sex dream
You dream of throwing a boogie bomb up your mother's ass just to see her twerk
You wear two Gucci caps on your ass cheeks and just scream Gucci
I'll seal your asshole with superglue so your father can't fuck you at night anymore
You son of a bitch, lift the Soap on
Your father connects his penis to his VR headset and thought he was getting *******
I stick a boombox up your father's ass and it booms
Your father is the cow from the Milka carton / MUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Your body is built like an Xbox and begs your mother to play with me
Your father has four eyes and calls himself an iPhone Pro Max 6 Max Pro
I kill your father with a Brawlhalla combo / left left up up down right
You're being heated by the trunk heater, you're kidnapped, you son of a bitch
Elf blood is stuck to your dick
DUDE, IN YOUR PHENOMENAL RECORDS IT SAYS THAT YOU'RE AN UNDER-EDUCATED NEANDERTHAL -
Everytime I slap my penis on the back of your head, I scream what I do+
Nigga every time your dad comes in your room, he fucking farts in Your face
You sleep with bedbugs at breakdance, you son of a bitch
Your father's work circle consists of polo dancers
You wear hemp pants to techno events, you son of a whore
I'm stepping on ya bitch ass mom, tell me why your father builds like a tquila bottle with an extremely low testosterone level
The scan pattern of my penis corresponds to 19 cm high 2 on the face of your crack uga buga mother
You get pain relief during sex and let yourself be fucked disabled during every surgery
Your father pulls granules up his nose and concretes
Your stressed mother is demolished and detonated
Your father looks exactly like a nick nak and goes clik clak after I hit him with an oversized punch
Your father's mud face looks exactly like a turtle without feet and gets walking errors parallel to Allah while the jinn You T-Bags
You turn baby changing rooms into your hood, you child-body-wearing, bespectacled idiot +
You bouncy-titted blockhead. Your bouncy tit is called Tom and your right one is Jerry.
I'm a dominant, radical, merciless, unscrupulous motherfucker and I'm banging your mother in the underground parking garage.
Your father's name is Herbert and he's a hostel owner. / WHERE IS HERBERT, WHERE?
Your mother's name is Van Cock and she's a wet, obese mineral pit.
Your rolling mother rolls over more than Choji from Naruto Shippuden. (v)
Your father had a mineral pit at birth.
Your father looks like a USB stick with a double chromosome fusion.
I cover your mother with my sperm and your ass thought she was a ghost. / BOOOOOOOOOOOOO (Ghost noises)
Your communication methods are handshakes with your penis. / YOU'RE EMBARRASSING AND GAY.
Your steelhead ass thought he was a vape and LITERALLY vanishes into thin air.
I wrap your father in LED lights and he starts fusing into DJ Yonder.
You call yourself an internet mask, but your mask is made of rainbow colors. / GAYYYY ASS NIGGA.
DIGGA YOUR MOTHER USES LIPSTICK ON HER Labia
Your father has charged copper plates in his brain even though he's brain-dead.
Your mother is beaten and raped by Nisa's cousins, causing disability.
You get sexual reflexes from your father and fuck your ice tea bottle, you son of a bitch.
You professional pipe-fucker, you spend more hours on Discord than in real life.
Your father's prediction program said he's 40% GigaKong, you son of a bitch. / HUHUHUHUHUHUh (monkey noises)
Your father gets injected with Fentanyl and dances the Billy Boy on Travis Scott.